Jiaqi
All this today
What the hell is going on?
You just need to know
I'm not the kid carrying bricks anymore
So many years
Have you lived in this place all along?
We didn't steal or rob
How about living here?
I think you are too wronged.
Well, I'll take you to a good place
Burn some incense imperial residence
Do I have a room here?
Yang Xin caught
Emperor residence
That is a villa area where every inch of land is expensive.
I'm going too, so you don't have to go
Why can't I go if you all go?
Don't you think I can't get on the table?
We are trash
The place you live is not worthy of your grade
We'd better draw a line in the future
you
Come on.
You can live here from now on, Dad
This house is yours
Hahaha, it will be yours from now on.